Website updates for WinDSR / WinOverlay v1.33 beta (#49904)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/services-networking/windows-networking.md

* [azure-vnet-ipam](https://github.com/Azure/azure-container-networking/blob/master/docs/ipam.md) (for azure-cni only)
* [Windows Server IPAM](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows-server/networking/technologies/ipam/ipam-top) (fallback option if no IPAM is set)

## Direct Server Return (DSR) {#dsr}

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.33" state="beta" >}}

Load balancing mode where the IP address fixups and the LBNAT occurs at the container vSwitch port directly; service traffic arrives with the source IP set as the originating pod IP.
This provides performance optimizations by allowing the return traffic routed through load balancers to bypass the load balancer and respond directly to the client; reducing load on the load balancer and also reducing overall latency.

> More information can be found [here](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/networkingblog/direct-server-return-dsr-in-a-nutshell/693710).

Reviewer: Try:
```suggestion
For more information, read
[Direct Server Return (DSR) in a nutshell](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/blog/networkingblog/direct-server-return-dsr-in-a-nutshell/693710).
```

| Feature | Description | Minimum Supported Windows OS build | How to enable |
| ------- | ----------- | -------------------------- | ------------- |
| Session affinity | Ensures that connections from a particular client are passed to the same Pod each time. | Windows Server 2022 | Set `service.spec.sessionAffinity` to "ClientIP" |

> | Direct Server Return (DSR) | See [DSR](#dsr) notes above. | Windows Server 2019 | Set the following flags in kube-proxy: `--feature-gates="WinDSR=true" --enable-dsr=true` |

Reviewer 2: do we mention that the feature-gate is on by default in 1.33?

Reviewer: Try this:
```suggestion
| Direct Server Return (DSR) | See [DSR](#dsr) notes above. | Windows Server 2019 | Set the following command line argument (assuming version {{< skew currentVersion >}}): ` --enable-dsr=true` |
```
